you were doing for train parking for
this week
city sessions is a giant rail jam in
Burlington Vermont that kicks off the
entire East Coast red CZ we're going to
talk to a couple people go check out the
absentee so should be good time stay in
touch
queen city says he's got a great vibe to
it this year but a whole new layout to
it we've got the sugar best features
over here they were built by my case
we're wrong with my pamphlet I wrote
employ so look around we got thousands
of people out here tonight the writers
are writing some of the best features on
the East Coast and sugar this is going
to have them where the first resort in
the east coast to offer this bar trade
futures the quality in a variety is
unmatched around these parts
it's kind of a bit of a renaissance
event for us is the show as we made us
tried to change kind of from the past we
had as being more of a skiers mountain
and open old school kind of result was
cruising we have now a lot of freestyle
aspects on training we can access
including off piste and that's the whole
vibe we're kicking out is that there's
something for everybody we thought of
some age demographic we've got it for
you
Queen City sessions is going off there's
a couple thousand people here they are
screaming our guys sky Gayle has been
the finals so let's check out the rest
of the action
I think overall like this land tricks
consistently a figure that I thought I
go on that pretty good but I think he's
been it through the nasty moneymaker at
the end
where the consistency and the gap 270 is
helping me out and just kill I haven't
Queen City sessions one of the best
contest I've ever seen and sky Gail took
home a thousand dollars in cash money so
we're gonna go to the after party and
spend some of that but tune in every
week to wild world the winter because
we're going all over the East Coast I'm
Kevin croaking I'll see you in the park